---
layout: post
title: 英语7_11
category: dump
description: 每日百词斩，come on！
---

# 7_11

##英语

* influential 有影响力的
    * the Kim family is influential in North Korea.
* athlete 运动员，强壮的人
    * he is a great athlete who can ran really fast.
* flesh 肉
	* the lion feeds on flesh.
* desire 愿望，渴望
    * the cat is filled with the desire to eat the fish.
* region 地区
    * the economy is less developed in China's south-western region.
* regulation 规则，规章，管理
    * the rules and regulations of our school drive us mad.
* chair 椅子
    * the girl is sitting on the chair.
* indoor 室内的
    * the indoor temperature is much higher than the outside.
* fruitful 硕果累累
    * look at the fruitful apple tree.
* create 创造
    * I create the painting all by myself.
* salad 色拉，凉拌菜
    * I am on a diet,so I will just have a salad.
* concentration 集中，专注
    * Completing an exam requires a lot of concentration.
* velocity 速度
    * the velocity of rocket is over 4.5km/s.
* object 对象，物体
    * the boss objected to their new plan.
* selfish 自私的
    * the selfish boy doesn't share candies with other kids.
* chew 嚼，咀嚼
    * please don't chew and speak at the same time.
* salary 工资
    * they are reserving their monthly salaries from boss.
* jury 陪审团
    * the jury was showed the proof of the crime in court.
* throughout 遍及
    * it snowed throughout the day and night.
* cage 笼子，鸟笼
    * get me out of this cage.
* costly 昂贵的
    * some people think tea egg is costly for people from mainland.
* relation 关系
    * they have built a business relation.
* worm 蠕虫
    * worms make good fish bait. 
* congress 议会
    * he gave a speech in the National People's Congress.
* elastic 松紧带
    * the spring is a vary elastic thing.
* representative 代表 | 有代表性的
    * she was elected as a representative.
* inferior 下等的
    * short man can feel inferior to tall men sometimes.
* delay 耽搁
    * the train is delayed.
* customer 顾客
    * would the customer buy this pair of blue jeans.
* additional 增加
    * each additional scoop made the ice cream more delicious.
* religion 宗教
    * his religion taught him to be kind.
* immune 免疫者
    * the immune system is like a shell, protecting our body from disease.
* paste 浆糊
    * I only use a small amount of booth pasteto brush my teeth.
* suburb 郊区
    * in the suburb, there are fewer houses and more tree.
* mad 发疯的，狂野的
    * the dog really drives me mad.